Add support for `--help` and `--version` when Gradle is executed from the Tooling API (#35225)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

}
```

## Tooling integration improvements

> This release adds a few enhancements to the built-in Tooling API models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds a few enhancements to the built-in Tooling API models:
```

- Clients now have access to the exact output of `gradle --version` without starting a daemon.  The rendered content is available via the `BuildEnvironment.versionInfo` property.

> - A new `Help` model is introduced to expose the output of the `gradle --help` command-line build invocation.

Reviewer: Can you also add the javadoc link:
```suggestion
- A new [`Help`]() model exposes the output of the `gradle --help` command-line invocation.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Done
